c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\bin\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.exe.config
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\bin\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.exe
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\bin\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.pdb
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.g.resources
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.exe
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.pdb
c:\Users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Painting\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\bin\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.exe.config
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.exe
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.pdb
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\bin\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.exe
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\bin\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.pdb
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.g.resources
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MetaWpfImage\ImageMetaInfo\obj\Debug\ImageMetaInfo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
